=head1 Installing Act on your system


This doc is being rewritten. Here's the new outline:

    install pre-requesites
      postgresql 8.x
      cpan modules
    create databases
    download act
      svn co
    configure act
      PERL5LIB / ACTHOME
      create sample conference
        mkdir actdocs;
        cp -pr skel/
        cp -pr skel/actdocs actdocs/sample
      configure act
        cp -pr eg/conf .
        configure act.ini
          database
    make test
    plackup
    test
       http://localhost:5000/sample/


=head2 Setting up the Act databases

In order to use the database with Act, you need to follow the procedure
explained below. Act's preferred database is PostgreSQL, so the examples
use Pg's syntax.

As the postgres superuser, create a database user for yourself:

    $ createuser user
    Shall the new role be a superuser? (y/n) y

Still as the postgres superuser, create three databases named act, acttest and actwiki:

    $ su - postgres
    $ createdb act --encoding=UTF8
    $ createdb acttest --encoding=UTF8
    $ createdb actwiki --encoding=UTF8
    $ ^D

Grant access from localhost to these databases by adding these lines to pg_hba.conf:

    # "local" is for Unix domain socket connections only
    local   all         all                               trust
    # IPv4 local connections:
    host    all         all         127.0.0.1/32          trust
    # IPv6 local connections:
    host    all         all         ::1/128               trust

and restart the PostgreSQL server.

Run the output of bin/dbinit in this directory. This will create
the tables in databases act and acttest:

    $ bin/dbinit | psql act
    $ bin/dbinit | psql acttest

Run wiki-toolkit-setupdb to create the tables in database actwiki.
(This utility is installed by Wiki::Toolkit.)

    $ wiki-toolkit-setupdb --type postgres --name actwiki --user act --pass xyzzy

Update F<$ACTHOME/conf/act.ini> (or F<$ACTHOME/conf/local.ini>) with the
database names and credentials.

    [database]
    name   = act
    dsn    = dbi:Pg:dbname=$(database_name)
    user   = user
    passwd = xyzzy
    test_dsn    = dbi:Pg:dbname=acttest
    test_user   = user
    test_passwd = xyzzy

    [wiki]
    dbname = actwiki
    dbuser = user
    dbpass = xyzzy

Note that for a developer install, the password is not needed, since
the database is configured to I<trust>.

From the package's top level directory, run the test suite to verify
that the software is able to connect to the database.

    $ make test


Now edit C<conf/act.ini> and enter your conference settings:

    [general]
    conferences = act-2004
    dir_ttc     = /tmp/act/ttc
    
The C<dir_ttc> directory stores the compiled TT templates.

To make sure that your system has all the requirements to run Act,
and that Act works correctly on it, you can now run Act's test suite.
This test suite requires Test::More.

    cd $ACTHOME
    make test

=head1 Adding a new conference

Decide the name of your conference. We'll use act-2004 as an example.

  $ACTHOME/
      actdocs/
        act-2004/
          conf/             # local configuration
          static/           # "static" multilingual .html pages
          templates/        # local templates or global overrides
      wwwdocs/              # static files
          photos/           # user photos (general_dir_photos conf item)
          act-2004/
              css/
              images/

=cut

