=head1 Getting started working on Act

This is a guide on getting started working on Act.  It's based on
http://blog.yapcna.org/post/9270310486/hacking-on-act, but will
include improvements over time.

=head2 Setting up the database

Act uses PostgreSQL for its data storage.  I'll assume that you know how to
set up a PostgreSQL server.  After you've done this, run this following
commands using your favorite shell (assuming PostgreSQL is running on
localhost):

  createuser act -D -R -S
  createdb act -O act --encoding=UTF8
  createdb actwiki -O act --encoding=UTF8
  createdb acttest -O act --encoding=UTF8
  bin/dbinit | psql -U act act # this will spit out some "errors"; don't worry!
  bin/dbinit | psql -U act actest
  wiki-toolkit-setupdb --type postgres --name actwiki --user act

=head2 Copying over static files

After the database has been set up, you need to copy over the various
templates and static files into the current directory:

  cp skel/actdocs/static .

=head2 Creating the configuration file

Now create a C<conf/act.ini> configuration file.  If you're looking for a
quick start (which I presume you are), you can base your configuration off
of my example here: https://gist.github.com/1163921

=head2 Setting the environment

One last thing to do before we're ready:

  export ACTHOME=$(pwd)

=head2 Plackup!

This part's easy:

  plackup

Now Act is running on port 5000!

=head2 Creating your test account

To test a lot of the application, you'll need an account.  So point your
browser to the registration page:

  http://localhost:5000/MY_CONFERENCE_NAME/register

Once you complete the registration form, you may not get an actual e-mail
(depending on if your machine is set up to send mail).  To continue your
registration, you can dig into your Act database to find your registration
token:

  psql -U act act
  > select token from twostep where email = 'MY_EMAIL'

Once you have the token, point your browser to this URL:

  http://localhost:5000/MY_CONFERENCE_NAME/register/MY_TOKEN

Here you can complete your registration.

=cut
